Great job you did it, you completed this course.
That was a lot of content and a lot of crucial things you need to know to become a react native developer.
Now your journey doesn't end here,
you should dive deeper,
you learned where to dive deeper and you should practice.
Choose some example projects you want to build and then just build them and don't stop
if you face any issues,
dig into these issues,
dig into the official docs, Google for the issues, find articles and videos helping you and use the knowledge
you gained in this course together with all the things you can learn from these sources
to become an expert react native developer. You've got more than solid fundamentals and I'm sure you
can do it and I can only wish you the best for this journey.
It was great to have you on board of this course and I hope you enjoyed it a lot.
Hopefully see you in future courses too,
all the best to you, bye.